What hand?
You're playing hard to get
Then the check he gave you, why didn't you talk to him?
Do you still want to pester him?
The relationship between Miss Gangzi Rong and Mr. Zhou is really good.
He told you all this.
Of course.
We are about to get engaged
So you came here today to help him get this check back?
As far as I know
You're not engaged by now, are you?
So in what capacity did you come to ask me for this check?
Quite the contrary.
I'm not here to ask you for your check back
I'm here to use money
Humiliate you
Take this check for me
Stay away from him in the future
Never come back
10,000 Wan Rong's sister is really generous
$10 million to kill a potential idea
Our Rong family has money
You'd better be obedient to me
What if I said no?
Then you are not in love with Zhou Yanjing, are you?
Fall in love with a man who pays to sleep with you
Or are you willing to sleep with him without money?
Easy Joon
You don't know him at all
You don't deserve him either
Just pay for a man to sleep
It's not okay to be scolded by a woman
You are such a bitch
Zhou Yanjin
Zhou Yanjin, how could it be Zhou Yanjin who delivered the takeaway?
Is the cash really you?